Mom, I'm not lying.
I'm really Jianfeng, the owner of Kowloon Shop
You shut up
I already told you
Why does your father take care of Guada?
Lord Cheap Lord
The authority of the king is great
It's unbelievable.
Auntie, don't worry.
Nonsense is true
He is the ancestor of the Kowloon Hall standing on the top of the world
Jianchun, the party deputy behind the Kowloon Group
You two are a perfect match
I lied so much that I believed it
I don't even believe my own mother
You guys are so vocal
Do you want a face?
He didn't say
Can stop the Kowloon Group and baby your trillion
Sign a contract?
Then sign the contract in front of them
Hit them in the face on the spot
Godfather, let's sign the contract first and then clean them up
Okay, let's sign the contract first and move the table
Lord Jianzun
You have to stop it now.
If you don't stop it
I, Tang Haoxue and the Tang family are about to take off
At that time, you will only be left to look up.
Then I will grant your wish.
Pass me the order immediately
Kowloon Group's trillion-dollar investment in the Tang family
Cancel immediately
Please direct
Stop pretending
Who here doesn't know who you are?
You have to do it for your poor self-esteem
Do you have to blow through the cowhide?
That is.
We all know that you are the prince of the Li family
Reduced to less
If you are abandoned by your fiancée on the wedding line
Took a huge hit
Your humble departure
At least live
Hmph, but you just can't recognize yourself
Deserved to die
Forget it. Leave him alone.
Calm down, let's continue to sign the contract, come on
What!